Seongdong Day has been 7 days
It's time for summer to be buried
Chen Wan hanged herself
Monk Chen Ziqin
Those who love summer have already been sentenced
Chengdu people let summer go
He lived in such pain
Don't keep him anymore
Dead
There you go.
Sorry Xia Xia
I'm back late.
I thought I could save you
But I forgot.
There are people in this world
There is no way to be saved
Are you okay in summer?
I'll take you to the police station.
I'll take you to the police
Let's go
You go back first
My dad will come
Hello
I would like to ask if that case has been dealt with?
The little girl's father just fixed the case
Poor little girl!
If you are his classmate, you can see through him
Otherwise, I'm afraid he won't be able to think about it.
Don't die in summer, okay?
Summer you put down the knife
Eta
I'm chopping bugs
I have a lot of bugs on me
CROWN
Not dirty, not dirty.
Those bugs have been killed
It's all gone.
You give me the knife
Mom hates me
Dad doesn't like it.
Jiang Tian
Can you be my family?
From now on, I will be your family
Can I be your sister?
You promise me
Don't do stupid things again
To live well
OK
summer summer
You walk slowly
Wait for me.
In my next life, I will still be your sister to protect you